Where are you going to eat?
No, I didn't eat anything.
It's not bad, come back quickly.
When the old man comes back tonight, everyone is waiting to give him a clean slate.
Got it, got it, go back now.
Especially the way you did it.
I know.
That piece of money is useless. If you don’t pay, the matter will never end.
Why does it look like you are breaking into a house?
No matter what, I want something delicious anyway.
Hurry up and I'll tell you, if you don't give me the money, you won't be able to leave alive today.
Boss, I didn’t bring any money today.
Why are you going to my things without any money?
Is this delicious?
You are messing with you, right boss?
You have to be reasonable
I asked you how you sold it
You said twenty yuan a pound?
You signed it
Then he said twenty yuan a tael
Then how can I sign it for you, boss?
This thief's tricks are worse than mine. What are you doing?
Do I force him to eat or buy it?
He eats my food without paying me
He also dealt with his boss
Otherwise
Then let me go back first
I'll ask someone to send you money and come back.
Send someone to give me money
You can also buy me and my ointment.
Then you can come home with me and be a chef.
I think I might as well give you some color
It seems you don’t even know your memory
Isn't it just money?
I gave it to him